just defeat all the protagonists of the future
they matched
aa the e pointed
he showed it in the first bars
began this shock that we all expected
something different for the Berciano set
but in the end more of the same first notice
sd shot from the side that has blondes and
problems are
in it new approaches
from the set of lorca s patadón erc far
who does not lead at the end
the danger of israel not base of plays in the
of the sporting ponferradina why
in the first compasses age local set the one that takes the initiative little to
little was stretching lines is read with next to see you see here euros
like this one they were ready to bring with it some fruit for the whole
berciano jáuregui in two times
I managed to stop the led ball
here the pressure of rubén vega
that is about to give fruits abound is to complicate the defense
Peace April has no choice but to
cleared to the patadón to the other long ball for rubén vega that had to
run a lot
as usual
although I was very lonely and I've surrounded myself with final alicia diva shot loose
went to the hands of the keeper
it happens the same new
approach this time by left band
from lorca and now alessandria very safe
percent in many phases of the expartidazo that not enough to avoid
is the scorer
after plays of danger
as we say alessandria and managed to cut the play
age of the vis who committed the fault and on the side in a new
approximations for this gives
far very deviated very loose and in
coming a danger
for the goal of lorca
this seemed
also poisoned that neither the shot of israel
it brought consequences here they steal true that it was not very clear whether to throw
door to center and at the end between one thing and another base was directly out
here played for the controversy l takedown
about this and sad
the source
They asked for penalties for the software of Lorca at the end the referee did not point anything
in that struggle and in that fall the loose shot of risso
also to the hands leaves o'reilly
i the one with this current aaa
you arrived
refining the first part 45 minutes
of equality that the ponferradina planted face
I knew how to handle the game
excessive
trouble everything buys from the second half that started with alluvium
of occasions
for the local team be first that did not explain clears alessandria here
the oppression a
d so r to point is of attachments had entered the discount a place
of risso and here he has brought magnificent blond to that header in the
second suit
repel
in the corner
again the thick blonde that this time the shaft was provided by the ball
and I'm about to take his scare he took it soon after they look
lr mate by javi rodríguez
and l Lorca so we see it again center to the penalty spot
the failure in the marking and javi Rodríguez of good header put the one zero to
point was
instants after dialing the second
the in this case the hoist vs robin alessandri to the shot after the
exit from
blond that repels here
the patadón
d of Chavismo gold the same
in the other goal at the best chance maybe the shot
of dani borreguero
and the hostel in this case
of fraud and this elaborates intervention of the local goalkeeper now
one of the few plays will be shown because as I say it is one of the few plays
well braided that the ponferradina can carry in the second part and that
it took him
ala when reading rival game terrain in that combination in the end ended up in
corner
could not finish diego rivera who also entered
in the second half another distant shot of lorca yes in the aftermath
we continue seeing dangerous actions and now another blond paradón see what
well get down to get a very complicated balao
blond who here but that long ball that will get to diego rivera
new
and that
do not think twice and finishing
of the new occasion stadium so that it looks blond hand in hand
that perfectly saves and pichi lucas
she did not know what to think
Seeing how he was going from the match
oo rubén will see offensive action
had already removed all the forwards that had the technician
they told me he had taken out asier salcedo as we told them
Also to
diego rivera there we will be like the parish the sparse parish but
I presented
the ponferradina parish was that
I contemplated with more grief than glory
the cross encounter entered the area that solved without problems is done now and
and with that throw-in
you reached the end of the game 90 minutes
that gave a new defeat for the sporting ponferradina
far d his new field tramp for the set of pichi lucas
that neither in the artisan franchise managed to add of the first three
points of the season